Fix typos and grammatical errors in README.md file (#2116)
vuejs/vuejs.org: README.md

## On Translations

> Translation for this documentation project is currently maintained in separate repositories forked from this original one.

Reviewer: I would change it to plural form on `translation` word because in fact we have multiple translations 😅 
```suggestion
Translations for this documentation project are currently maintained in separate repositories forked from this original one.
```
